foreign
[Music]
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
oh hello and welcome back welcome back it's
nice to see everyone we have a great great great topic to delve into tonight and a place
to go and I'm very happy to say that at the end of our time together tonight or
30 minutes we'll have um four very well-known guests
um who will give us an announcement yes we have a great announcement to give tonight
fantastic I can't wait um those those of us who value honor
will feel the shame of our ancestors yeah this should this should prove to be
an outstanding outstanding time we're going to start off we're going to start off with
oh excuse me we're gonna start off I'm sorry a little
Direction problem yeah don't worry Chewie I'll tell you when um we're gonna start off today though
with our section on the cave of Ammon
and we're going to take now the next step down in our descent
into the phonian realm again we're going to do it by
bringing the future and the past together in the present fantastic we'll
begin with a look at Anastasia and so I want to run a couple of just a
couple of Clips say a couple of things and uh hone kind of focus where we're
looking here remember we're searching for lady Babylon and under the right
circumstances everything can come together
[Music]
so tonight I want to start off with a couple of clips that we've put together here from Neil's interview with
Anastasia and I want us to look at just responses I just want to see what a
response is as if we're just having tea saying what is this situation and who is this person let's
run the first one I'm like a volunteer obviously but I talk with soldiers quite a bit and you
know it has not diminished people are very hyped and still willing to do what is necessary to do and people always say
like you know we didn't choose the war obviously but it's here so what else can you do other than you know defend what
you love and what we love is Ukraine you know and our people uh so people from
the West say like oh we should stop this war we should go for peace agreements because we care about Ukrainian people
and yet no you don't you know if you cared about Ukrainian people you would listen to what Ukrainian people want and
what we want by every estimation by every poll in existence is uh to
continue fighting no matter what and to return our uh people back home and what
Russians are doing to those people there is atrocious and in a ways I cannot even describe to you every liberated city has
had Mass Graves uh tortures rapes Slaughter of civilians on insane scale
and this is the wait for us to liberate them so this is not negotiable we are
not giving up those people to Russia and to this nothingness basically is what
expects them if we give up on them and foreign
courts have declared that hey look uh Vlad Vlad Putin is taking children look
at the irony if you cannot taste the irony of this
Vlad is abducting children like a pirate
yeah and he's forcing them putting them in camps forcing them to speak Russian
no more Ukrainian no more Ukrainian you'll speak Russian
right look at the irony here about those who support Putin
this is a strong woman people talk about strong women in the States this is a strong woman she was
involved in the 2014 Revolution and when I get a chance to interview her
I've been waiting but apparently herkiv was hit by gifted with
with hypersonic missiles and drones and all sorts of things to keep them in the
dark so as soon as we can I will get an interview for her
um she's agreed to do and I'm gonna ask her I'm gonna ask her about the nitty-gritty let her speak should we hit
her again with the Western support we had heaven right now we have every chance to win it and we attend to we
intend to do that and I hope we will continue please do if you can to support maybe Ukrainian volunteers I have a
PayPal as well by the way on my Twitter which you can help out and see what I'm doing on Twitter I post like pretty much
everything I'm doing and yeah so assist organizations that help Ukraine such as
come back alive for example which is a pretty good fund to help Ukraine or
maybe help like volunteers like me for example and people who are doing projects of helping our army in every
way we can and also talk with people about it is also very important so you know to come to find fight against some
narratives that Russia propaganda continues to spew and those who support Russia in the west as well so do try to
you know to fight them back and to spread the word so bringing this message just
how how difficult is it for us just to bring we have the technology now we can
bring her message out right and we can show the world right we
can be those people who put that statue of the Virgin on the hill and said
Freedom that's what it's about that's what it's about one more time so they already did some moves like they
did in 2014 to achieve that and I do think they would be full on ready for
all-out Invasion uh into Georgia and boldova but tennis with them up you know
so they so these are stopped currently at Ukraine which is I guess for us to be
the shield sort of to Georgia and to Moldova and protect countries from well
you know with our with our I guess bodies and lives you could say because they should not move anywhere further
and they should be stopped for good this time around I hope why are we not
helping these people why are we not hoping these people why we have you know giving money to Ukraine if we could help
this and help that and you just like dudes like I we super appreciate the help obviously right without it would be
but um it's not because you give money to Ukraine that are homeless people in the United States you know they just
point out various problems in the United States and they try to blame it on
United States helping Ukraine against this unjust Invasion which is uh pretty
strange because there's no connection to those things whatsoever yeah fantastic right listen to it from
The Source I mean that isn't that what we need anyway you don't need any commentary you don't need to explain it
you just need to hear the voice we're gonna hear one more and then we're gonna jump into the cave I'm talking about this holiday which is
four million people
crane but also they would take food like Soviet soldiers take it to Moscow export
it continue to sell it while people were just straight up dying of starvation so
fight fight with loss is something that was on the books so it's the the fact
that you can shoot a person in Ukraine like in a head for stealing food so
basically starving people would still still is not the word I would use but you know but still the food they
themselves grow to you know not starve and to feed their families and they will be shot for that so yeah so this was a
very much like uh you know a genocide in every sense of the world and uh yeah it's not only that like I said it's like
Mass deportation oppression executions there was like Red Terror period which
was uh uh right after revolution basically in October so that was the
period when Red's Terror uh was happening in Ukraine as well so people were just killed dragged down out of
their houses shot for not being willing to be part of Soviet Union Russia
yeah and that's what's coming they're standing in the breach there and that's
what's coming so what is terribly ironic and yet beautiful at the
same time is that the group that holds the signs that say save the children is the group that supports and pushes the
um potent's desires whether it's one of our former presidents or whether it is
um people in our government this faction is there right so what do we need to do
what can we do but listen to those voices but bring those voices here and
say what is she saying all right where is this dragon
right who breathes the fire yeah where is this
truth that we're looking for I guarantee it's on the side of protecting the mothers
and the daughters I guarantee you yeah now he's taking camps he's making
camps shame on us let me just say something to the Americans in the group
I know there's others from other countries but to the Americans man it was our experiment
right this was handed down to us the people who created this Freedom that you
feel and breathe and live in those people said you have to stand
you have to stand and if it meant going off to a foreign
country to to help the cause then that's what they did
that's what they did Freedom we need Freedom not this tyrannical stuff is not
is not new it's not new so um I hope to have uh Anastasia in
interview form and I'll bring those I'll bring those into you in a short two
minute Clips like this letting her give her own straight up answers and
there is a direct link of course to our cave
yeah our cave let's bring up the first of the cave tonight
we're gonna go to the orphic fragments here's that guy I've been blathering about for so long Otto Kern thank you
Otto Kern there's your name um so here we go Auto currents orific fragments number two please
yes here we go I'm going to look at this is from Diadora siculus diador siculus
give us diadors picture please this is you know just a made-up representation for all we know you look nothing like
this right but um here we uh here here we have his work right
um he's writing history's first century first century it's writing in Greek wonderful wonderful stuff he's trying to
go back to the roots of the people that were migrating around remember we talked
about these migrations these Bronze Age migrations tonight we're gonna go one
step back to the pre-history to the autonous people
the people call the pulaskians and you're going to be surprised to find out
the things that you got from certain places you didn't this is before
Christianity this is before Judaism yeah this is before any of the
monotheistic theistic religions before those things were kicking off well they
had some in Egypt too right but before those movements within the Mysteries kicked off
we have these pulaskians and we have these rights preserved within the
language and I'm going to take you back to some of the old language we're going to go to the to the Virgin right we're
seeking the virgin yeah the maiden right yeah
please so in this fragment what do we have here number four this is from diadoris and he says
gramasi that's the words I want you to hear Pulaski kois gramasi
yeah they say that Linus um composed this the Deeds of the work
on the Deeds of Dionysus and then he did it in the pulaskian letters
in the pulaskian letters yeah and he left it behind in his little his little
memoirs yeah nice also Orpheus Orpheus and pronapides
yeah foreign
is the teacher of Homer oh nice nice
so here's Orpheus and here they're they're using the pulaskian letters and you say wait a minute
Pulaski and what remember I've been asking you to solve the question of the dragon's
tongue and people are working on it nice job guys yeah yeah
Anya love it love it fish love it you're working on those things and tonight
we're going to have some little Clues tonight we're not working with the
orphic letters we're working with the pulaskian
letters and the pulaskian letters come before come before everything
for everything we're talking three Egyptian culture we're talking pre-indo-european
we're talking about the basis the language the human language is spread out through the Mediterranean
and from which we're driving this right and this history yeah let's go to the
next one please I want to start here now Linus they say
composed an account in the plastic letters of the Deeds of the first Dionysus and of the other mythical
Legends and left them among his Memoirs and in the same manner use was made of
these pulaskic letters by Orpheus and pronapodes who was a teacher of Homer great and a gifted writer of songs
right notice I just want you to see mentions Leah Maiden it talks about going to Nissa where the
ancient natives the city relate the Dionysus was reared there yeah and that there's this thing called
a phrygian poem yeah okay next text please
this is the expression yeah in the pulaskian letters
good I want you to look at that pelaskian who are these people go down
this then is the account of dionysius among the Greeks Linus was the first to discover the different rhythms and song
and when Cadmus brought from Phoenician the letters as they're called Linus was
again the first to transfer them into the Greek language to give a name to each character and to fix its shape now
the letters as a group are called Phoenician because they were brought to the Greeks from the Phoenicians but
as single letters the pulaskians were the first to make
use of the transferred characters so they were called plastic
okay you see what I'm saying so this is an old old old not this guy get him off there we'll
bring him back in a second this isn't that's a limiting steel anyway
um this pulaskian language that predates there's there's questions who are these
pulaskians and what are they doing there these these autonous people spread throughout from Asia Minor into Greece
right here's the sights nice math there look at they're on the island of lemnos
up there yep off the coast of Thrace right samoth race the samoth race there
take it down if you were sitting there on the beach in in Thrace you can look
and you can see samoth race there nice Island beyond that right beyond that
where it's no longer visible is that linear and we have a lemian Steely and it has on it the um characters that
their P they were debating about this is Linden we're going to call it limnin but long story short it turns out it's
pulaskian and logically it looks a lot like Etruscan
yeah it looks like the Pulaski and the and the Etruscans are the same people those of you who are learning Dragon
tongue the orphic letters can use this to help you decipher them
okay and um let me just pull that up again by the way this is in bustrophodon
right so for those of you saying uh wow tell me does it go right left left right
yes the answer is yes it goes both right it's like a snake more than a more than
a cow walking around but okay whatever they didn't call it oh fistrofidone
yeah it's a word for snake okay next next slide please
how did The Phoenician letters appear on the Greek mainland the Palace of Cadmus if Cadmus is an historical figure has
been discovered in Thebes and may be roughly dated around 14 to 1200 BC and
letters were found in it but they were not of Semitic origin take it down that's in the Journal of American
Journal of philology right now we're getting philologists I'm going to quote a few philologists here tonight because
this is the stuff that turns them on this is all you do with it you're trying to figure out where his language has come from
that's why anybody who forbids you from speaking a language that's a bad bad dude bad dude
yeah needs to be stopped yeah um so we're talking early on 1600 right
next slide please
thank you Chewie now Linus they say compose an account in plastic letters the Deeds of Dionysus
and the other mythical Legends and left them among his Memoirs in the same manner whoops we've had this but please
go on please go on yes um here we go I want you to see here further
further in there is a cave let's just go to the cave we're walking around sorry that was a little Herky jerky but we're
walking around with um the pulaskians and their religion and
we're going to their religious sites and we're going to look at their gods um all this
that sound is uh Pulaski and sound isn't that nice you see it in things like
chords yeah so there are pulaskian Roots all over
the place in the Greek world in the Greek world and there they talk about the pulaskians are all over the sources
you can go look them up right um uh and you won't you'll find in the
historians you'll find them in the playwrights uh them Sophocles there's we have some great information from from
Sophocles believe it or not yeah Isn't that cool um anyway it looks like they were they
were considered to be the ancestors right they considered to be the
um Greek sometimes they're described as Greek yeah and they're ending up in a lot of
old old Greek religion coming out we're going to look at one that shocks you
tonight from the from the Septuagint believe it or not it's buried in the
Septuagint Isn't that cool all right um bring up that next one here we go
further in there is a cave circular and shape of marvelous size and Beauty just get the cult context going in your head
for above and all about it rises a Crag of immense hype formed of rocks of different colors for the Rocks lion
bands and send forth a bright blame some like that purple which comes from the sea for the entrance grow marvelous
trees some fruit bearing others Evergreen and all of them fashioned by nature for another end and to Delight
the eye take it off and to open it
yeah to open it coming from the side was the expression yes yes okay next same slide good now to
this cave the account runs almond came and brought the child who's that child that is Dionysus you mean
Dionysus is a child of Ammon yes he is and gave him into the care of Nissa one
of the daughters of aristeas and he appointed aristes to be the guardian of the child he being a man who excelled in
understanding and self-control and all learning the duty of protecting the boy against the plottings of his stepmother
Rhea he's signed to Athena who was short while before had been born of the Earth
and had been found beside the river Trident good good that's why we call it tritonian
nice we need to find the location and a place for this we need to zoom in with
the language we need just to let the language carry us to that place
we're keeping our hand on the rope in the cave as we go through it as we go
through it good next text yeah I'm not going to read all this I
just want you to see um when the Valor and fame of Dionysus became spread abroad Raya angered at
almond strongly desired to get a nice Dionysus into her power okay I want you
to realize there is struggle going on and that you see the word Crete right as for Cronus then this relates
after his victory he ruled harshly over these regions which had formerly been
almonds okay take it off yes the father of the first
Dionysus the father of the first Dionysus is usurped
by the Saturn yeah okay all right so that should put
you in some context take out your everybody pull out your augers now
right right you know where we are sun moon and stars okay hit it with the next
please we're running for the time tonight go ahead yes since the libyans a set of Dionysus
before the battle that as the time when amen had been driven from the kingdom he had prophesied that's what I want you to
see Amman is the prophetic God there is a reason that that cult is
spread throughout the Mediterranean and always has that oracular
um current to it always has that oracular current to it
the dedonian prophecy that is so important to the
Greeks right everybody goes to do Donna right that's just the way it is it's one
of the big big oracles and um that's pulaskian
yes yes so you see the operation people say did this come from Egypt did this
come from what about this settlement what about the Phoenicians there were no Phoenicians around they only call
themselves Phoenicians because of what the pulaskians were doing in the name Pulaski in
as a classical philologist looks like it comes from the word for
purple the purple dye yes yes the purple dye do we have that
bring bring us up yeah palaki I'm right right relating to the Sea right palladio's in the Greek
we're following the Romans here right sea muscles go back to that please see
muscles look at that seed muscles follow the way down the page to Roman numeral number two and look at B pelagium the purple color
are pulaskians are originally
of the purple the Phoenicians who take their gramata
who transmit that gramata to the Greeks or calling themselves the
purple people the Purple People we're talking
pre-history right prehistory is where this is coming from
so don't try to tell me how it is that some antinomian got
involved because he doesn't exist for thousands of years
yeah your Christianity and your Judaism
they're just been non-existent they don't exist but the oracular
saturnian religion that they're promoting
this chance to have ionic life this thing is
very real and very much out of this old prehistoric people please next
slide wonderful Egyptians I see you're Egyptian I'd raise your plastian
OS yeah look at the under a just look at
the first word in Greek
the seat of Pulaski and dodona look on the second line down I told you Donna
was big right that's he said by the way look at and right away you say wait a minute the
pulaskians were the torsenoi yes yes
wait I know the the tarcinians also called by the Greeks the tyrenians
that they were those people that the Romans with their Venus's
tongue called the Etruscans yeah
yeah fantastic so
um if you look at etroscan you're gonna find out it looks just like the old pulaskian right which
Scholars and classical philologists will have sat around for decades a century
this debate two centuries debating what the origins of these words are
some people say oh it looks like it's related deathration and trying to trace it right where it comes from originally
yeah and it always goes back through the river of the Mycenaean Greek
right it's one of the places that it just made it's made its currents now give us another
um yeah and Cersei so coming to the Etruscans brings us to Italy and it
brings us to Cersei and Cersei the daughter of Helios hyperion's son love steadfast Odysseus and more Aries and
latinus oh wait a minute what latinus that has the word Latin in it
who is faultless and strong also she brought forth to logonus
by the will of golden Aphrodite white golden Aphrodite that's a cult title
that's the Aphrodite Who's involved in the production right and they ruled over
the famous tisinians nice next next you see the cult is really the cult is
really what's pushing and driving everything and this is the area you see the the libyans in the South we have
Carthage there we have Sicily where diadoris happens to be from and the
terrainian power here this is this is a pulaskian power this is an early power
in the cult go ahead oh it's gorgeous next please
what are these people they are autoxon they're of the sun you don't call their
Zeus Zeus you call them a thonian
Zeus yeah a thonian Zeus
yeah nice deck guess what
yeah guess what it's so beautiful the language so it's just like Amber it just traps that precious bit of the past and
just kind of keeps it preserved for all time you can never take this stuff away uh next please
yeah Pulaski and Aryan Medea so let's just look next slide
the first Dionysus was the son of almond yep
and look at this little tidbit right um some Georgian Scholars including
these Georgian Scholars connect the pulaskians with the ibero Caucasian
peoples of the prehistoric Caucasus now into the Greeks
as Culkin's all right we're going right back to the
garden we're going right back to Adam where those four rivers meet
and you're saying wait a minute I'm doing this but I'm doing it in a way that comes through the late Bronze Age
but I know that this is actually um 3 000 years previously
yeah three to five thousand oh my goodness yes that's where we are we're
seeing the focus come through that medwa
yeah please to blow it right to bring the end
of our search to its culmination right here we
are in the cave and we've been looking for that source for that origin
you thought you thought that Adam was a Hebrew name
it is not it is not neither is Eve
and you say how can you say that how can you say that it's contrary to
the last two thousand years yes it is but it's a fact let me show
you chewy hit him with a chart this is gonna blow your mind look at this look at the
Linear B we have the Latin us nice and then we have Greek
isn't this gorgeous who is this guy who is the Adam where
right who is the Adam West who is that Adam
so when the sibling Oracle stand up and they tell you that Adam is Greek
and it was based upon a religious practice each of the characters in his
name represent the action of quartering of quartering if you know Adam you can
quarter it's north south east and west and it
goes back through the bronzes through it's captured in the Mycenaean Linear B
which is where these people are it's why almond is in Crete
yeah that's why ominous and Crete gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous gorgeous
nothing is the way you thought welcome to Almond's cave nothing is the way you thought I'm
offering you some of the most beautiful distilled reality that you can possibly
make and it drips from the ceiling of this cave
of the pulaskians the place where that virgin
becomes the Oracle that's why we're stealing everybody yeah Pirates man Pirates get dragged
into this right oh my God it's gorgeous absolutely gorgeous so
um as we're trying to look at Dragon tongue we're trying to see how to decipher it we need to get serious about
its roots and we need to see the connection between the orphic letters
the pulaskian letters and the performance of the mystery
Dionysus is the son of Bacchus is the son of Alma right Bacchus is the son of
amla yeah yeah that Oracle was a bock
establishment
is not a native Greek word yeah it turns out it's pulaskian
so where do we go with the origins of Christianity which started with a man
getting arrested in a public park with a naked boy at 4am with stuff on his face
screaming about being thirsty and no I'm not a child trafficker
how do we get to that point is through this pathway
through this pathway and how are we going to find this place again where
these this is our history right there's nobody here that doesn't share this history this is human history
yeah and um we need to find it we need to find it we've got people coming on do we have do
we have people in the gallery tonight yes we do we've got Rob I want to say a few words before we start in I seekonius
and I see Snappy and I'm waiting for where where is is the Gnostic informant
we're waiting for Gnostic informally because he's going to announce something tonight he's gonna announce something he said
maybe give him a minute to pop in come on come on Neil if you're not going to
make your announcement I'm going to make your announcement for you but that's no that's looks that's I
don't want to do that all right let's start off with her just a response to the material that we're talking about with the pulaskiens Rob you've got first
shot what do you think about pulaskians and Dionysus my favorite part was uh
in the Egypt arrange you were Pulaski I really like that I'm gonna have to learn how to say
Pulaski in correctly and I'm going to use that one that was an excellent presentation again
that um I'm gonna have to catch up on you you're on fire you know you're on fire at the
minute thing you're written as hard with information because you know now there's there's some there's some way for it to
go a beautiful info on the orphic fair classmates because I'm sure they'll
appreciate that um I'll I kind of like the aristais part because if I'm right if I remember
rightly is the son of Apollo and the father of octail if I remember
rightly and that that means just little bits to me but for this to go all the way back
to its roots in the in the language and so see that in their Linear B is
phenomenal and mind-blowing and rather conclusive in my opinion
fantastic fantastic um Snappy your response
I'm I was really Blown Away by your lecture so the plasgians are something I've been interested in a while so a
philosopher I love is this guy here Linwood cloggis he wrote a book that I'm reading called cosmogonic Eros and he
uses the palazzkians as an example of sort of primordial culture and like
returning to like a a an original base for the Bronze Age and then he connects
that with the Bronze Age mystery rights in India and in other places and I just wanted like there's just so much cool
stuff he talks about here about how the scent the center part of of the
pulaskian society was almost taking care of the dead and the rights for the dead they'd be buried under the stoves in the
houses and right in the center of the home and everything was centered around these cycles of death and rebirth and
they would wrap them in purple cloth it's uh really powerful stuff so we're getting somewhere really interesting hmm
fantastic fantastic and snap and uh thonius clonius give me your take on
tonight I uh I thought it was amazing the the pulaskins being the root of the purple
and finding their origin of the language the the Linear B from what I take it I
think it's amazing and uh I think that they might hold the key to all the ingredients and how you said that almond
is the father of Dionysus blew my mind and you said that Kronos usurped
dionysus's first father and it makes me wonder if the only almond that I've I've read
about is in the hermetica and I I just you blew my mind tonight
fantastic you have to you have to love uh you have to love the fact that years
later people would come along and take little bits of that and preserve it and
protect it and pass it on like Obama yeah and and
um uh let me let me just ask sonis you were you brought in
oh some psychoanalyst I think his name was
young young you've been looking at some young does any of this stuff
um have to do with young at all what you've been seeing well uh from what I've what I've been
reading about young is that he from what I understand in the red book
it it's like he is trying to mimic what Zeus did he's trying to go into the
abyss and talk to Nicks and to know all things and and it it's it's it's it's kind of
it's kind of onto that I'm sorry I lost my train of thoughts no that's exactly that's exactly what I
meant right he's putting it into it don't you don't you think he's practicing the mystery I mean he's he's
even getting responses about the future and from other people who are telling
him who are bringing him elements of the future that are are shocking him yeah
it's the operation of the mystery uh love it snappy I mean love it funniest
that you're doing it he even said that he got the settler he went down there and he pulled out the scepter from going
into the abyss and talking to the Oracle basically of night just like Zeus did in the Divinity papers
yeah yeah and now the question is was he doing that because he was drawing on
that reality right or was he doing it because he was reading it and recreating it well we
know with the with the boy that he was talking to at the the young man that he
was talking to at the um um who was inside the you know um place
where they kept people they didn't want running around um for whatever reason he was talking
about the future right he had never seen the this you didn't know about the release of this material he didn't know
about um what it meant within ancient religion yet it found him within a person
right right gorgeous love love exonius Snappy
do we have any do you have any impression of the more easterly
a working of the pulaskians through caucus and through you know is there are
we getting over do you want do you smell India any in any of this
whoops I think you muted oh definitely so when I when we're
looking at uh Mycenaean culture you can compare a lot of this to what's happening in uh harapa in the Indus
Valley and there's a lot of key things like we're seeing the presence of the Bulls we're seeing the um the bull
wrestling Motif we're seeing these same horns in these horn figures and then
we're also seeing predominantly is that mother goddess figure with the snakes you know and then we know that they're
both cultures are using cannabis are using the mushroom and they're engaged in this purple trade because we have
traces of the purple and harappa but they're not producing it so they're getting it from somewhere right
and then there's also these seals that look a lot similar so there may be even a connection between uh the Harappan
language and what's going on with the uh the Mycenaean gorgeous gorgeous and you know all
there's so much of a frontier there for people to figure out put it it's like a puzzle to figure out where the
influences are coming from how the languages are being pressed on the civilizations and you mentioned the the
snake goddess right why is the snake goddess so prevalent right I mean it seems like a strange thing but there you
go you have it right and it's gorgeous it's at the very center of the cult the
use of these Venoms yeah oh it's an it's amazing we'll end up with Rob Rob you
have the last one you have the last word I think I think some of this mic is on if you guys can
mute rob you have the last word you have the last word I want you to say something please about Anastasia
Anastasia about China stage you very educated as
far as I could tell there's a very impressed with him with their abilities to um
watch the messages as they came in as well as engaging a quite a a deep
engaging conversation and to do that take some she she could answer every question with eloquence and it got quite
a great deal about it I just won't go to the snake goddess though because I
discovered something that I found profound that you know the snake goddess and she's holding the two snakes
that's that's the image we all see what I found is I found out is that's the votive that's the votive to the snake
goddess the snake goddess doesn't it doesn't she's she's the snake goddess of
course she's um was it but she isn't holding two snakes and I found that very curious and then I'm gonna go too
farther so you're the father of Dionysus and if you're Gnostic informant was here
it'd be all over you because he thinks you're response your your name and
you're responsible for quite a lot aren't you through history so I'll leave
you them three comments laughs all right you guys heard it here
thank you for coming and hope uh next week we're gonna bust into we're gonna
have our fight club week right so every season we'll have one fight club so I'm
ha uh there's seven seasons people have been asking is there a is there a beginning and an end to this yes there
is right it's believe it or not it's a narrative right it's a song
so there is and tonight um next week we want to next Friday we
want to have the fight club so I'm encouraging everybody who wants to step up to say to send a message to say I am
a child of Heracles and I am unafraid of your Tennessee law
yes okay uh thank you guys for coming tonight hail Satan
thank you [Music]
[Applause] [Music]
just put all the different masks and ask the questions at that Feller might have